you
a typical road trip weekend consists a
party hooking up and going wild but in
2010 for friends we'll discover a new
level of Awesome oh hi look look what
are we gonna do you guys are terrible at
quarters let's break into a school or a
stealing hot car or something huh get
riddling what yes come look at this
you don't think it's a little weird but
you guys just pile it up in a big
bathtub together
it's called male bonding okay haven't
even seen wild hogs
watch out here I come
what the hell happened last night
there's some kind of retro thing going
on this weekend let's go over here dude
is rocking exactly Legolas not sure
there's a good explanation for this
gee our girl excuse me miss what colors
micro sized black bear are we back it
must be some kind of Hot Tub Time
Machine this March this is a very
special model that you have here know
exactly what's going on here don't you
oh man come on ace let's do what we want
real of hey let's get this party started
mom forget the present on the end of a
couple of homes I think wow I know the
universe is giving me another shot like
ever
hmm I feel pregnant change the future
there's money to be made here man we can
invent iPods Prius matcom short ribs we
have combined a Viagra we clear
what's to tangora boom and kick some
past you're breaking up with me that's
not how this happens do you know how
much do you need fat I mean
Time Machine could I text you later he
white are you aligned long I am naughty
ways how do I get ahold of you come find
me that just sounds exhausting